README.md, before:

# Vaccinbot

Simple bot that automatically downloads data from ViteMaDose to find appointments within 24h. 
By default it finds appointments for all vaccine types within 50km from St. Genis-Pouilly.

Use:

```
usage: Vaccinbot.py [-h] [--interval INTERVAL] [--slack-token SLACK_TOKEN]
                    [--location LAT LONG] [--max-distance MAX_DISTANCE]
                    [--vaccines [VACCINES [VACCINES ...]]]
                    [--depts [DEPTS [DEPTS ...]]]

A bot that automatically fetches date from ViteMaDose and finds appointments
within 24h.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --interval INTERVAL   Time in minutes between queries to ViteMaDose.
                        Default: 15
  --slack-token SLACK_TOKEN
                        Path to file containing a slack token (activates Slack bot feature).
  --location LAT LONG   Latitude and longitude of your location. Default: St. Genis.
  --max-distance MAX_DISTANCE
                        Maximum radius of search from your position in km. 
                        Default: 50 km
  --vaccines [VACCINES [VACCINES ...]]
                        List of vaccines to look for. P=Pfizer-BioNTech; M=Moderna; AZ=AstraZeneca; J=Janssen; mRNA. Default: all.
  --depts [DEPTS [DEPTS ...]]
                        List of department numbers where to look for vaccines
                        (add 0 before single-digit depts. e.g. 01 not 1).
                        Default: 01 (Ain) + neighbouring depts.
```

Example:

No Slack bot:
```./Vaccinbot.py --interval 20 --location 46 6 --max-distance 55 --vaccines P  ```

With Slack bot:
```python3.6 Vaccinbot.py --interval 20 --slack-token slack_token.txt --location 46 6 --max-distance 55 --vaccines AZ J ```

## Dependencies
The dependencies can be installed from the command line via `pip`:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Slack bot

Create a Slack app, create the channel ```#vaccinbot```, copy and paste the app token in a file. Link the file via the ```---slack-token``` option.
This will enable the Slack bot integration.

## Other integration?

PRs for other chat types are welcome!

Commit message:

Add support for the Free Mobile API
Each Free Mobile client has access to a free SMS
API. The service is intended to be used for
alerts, exactly what we're looking for here.

The pass can be found in "My Options" in your
personnal account.

README.md, after:

# Vaccinbot

Simple bot that automatically downloads data from ViteMaDose to find appointments within 24h. 
By default it finds appointments for all vaccine types within 50km from St. Genis-Pouilly.

Use:

```
usage: Vaccinbot.py [-h] [--interval INTERVAL] [--slack-token SLACK_TOKEN] [--free-mobile-user FREE_MOBILE_USER] [--free-mobile-pass FREE_MOBILE_PASS] [--location LAT LONG]
                    [--max-distance MAX_DISTANCE] [--vaccines [VACCINES ...]] [--depts [DEPTS ...]]

A bot that automatically fetches date from ViteMaDose and finds appointments within 24h.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --interval INTERVAL   Time in minutes between queries to ViteMaDose. Default: 15
  --slack-token SLACK_TOKEN
                        Path to file containing a slack token (activates Slack bot feature).
  --free-mobile-user FREE_MOBILE_USER
                        User to be used with the Free Mobile SMS API
  --free-mobile-pass FREE_MOBILE_PASS
                        Password used for the Free Mobile SMS API
  --location LAT LONG   Latitude and longitude of your location. Default: St. Genis.
  --max-distance MAX_DISTANCE
                        Maximum radius of search from your position in km. Default: 50 km
  --vaccines [VACCINES ...]
                        List of vaccines to look for. P=Pfizer-BioNTech; M=Moderna; AZ=AstraZeneca; J=Janssen. Default: all.
  --depts [DEPTS ...]   List of department numbers where to look for vaccines (add 0 before single-digit depts. e.g. 01 not 1). Default: 01 (Ain) + neighbouring depts.
```

Example:

* Text only:
```./Vaccinbot.py --interval 20 --location 46 6 --max-distance 55 --vaccines P  ```

* Slack bot:
```python3.6 Vaccinbot.py --interval 20 --slack-token slack_token.txt --location 46 6 --max-distance 55 --vaccines AZ J ```

* Free Mobile API:
```python3.6 Vaccinbot.py --free_mobile_user user --free_mobile_pass pass```

## Dependencies
The dependencies can be installed from the command line via `pip`:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Slack bot

Create a Slack app, create the channel ```#vaccinbot```, copy and paste the app token in a file. Link the file via the ```---slack-token``` option.
This will enable the Slack bot integration.

## Other integration?

PRs for other chat types are welcome!
